Alrighty then.
So we have done some work here.
We have done the left form that we're going to be use into the categories we have at the table.
Now it's time for us to redisplay some data here.
All right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
But actually before we do that I noticed that we are getting kind of Claudet here we have a lot of fires
going on here and what we want to do is rename some of this so that when we don't get confused about
them right here that foot or the head of navigation here has the same name as the one anatman.
See that.
So let's go ahead and click over them and click one time I'm going to say admin on the score for I just
going to renamed it to admin to have the prefix in the beginning of the word.
Let's do another one.
Admen navigation so I'm renaming footer header and actually this is the it's just back up a little bit
here.
This is the header and rename it to us.
There we go.
Enter actually the wizard is the footer.
And this is the hetter if I can save it
right now my.
All right.
This is actually the head of but he's not saving for me.
So when that happens to you all you got to do is just close your brackets quit it and then reopen it.
All right.
So I did a check on my header is fine footer.
So what we need to do is come back to.
And it's here and we're going to rename already does ahead of time.
But you got to have something like this in the end let's make sure that you do this admin Hetter and
you make sure that you have admin navigation.
I really did this by the way before I made this video here.
Just make sure that you do have that and make sure that you do have all these prefixes on the phone.
All this includes make sure you also have it on now on categories here.
I don't have them so I'm going to make them because we are including these files from there but we have
a prefix in them now.
So let's just do the footer also.
So.
All right.
So let's just check to see if we broke anything or everything is good.
Let's go ahead and display some data really quick before our time is over in this lecture.
All right so we are in categories and I want to display some data right here.
I want to put a while loop but I need some feature BTX right.
Actually we do have some color that we can use already.
So we do have to write everything as good a sidebar.
This copy some of this thing down ready copy the query curve goes up HPN and I put it right here organized
a little bit using the command left bracket.
And let's go to sidebar and let's get it while loop.
Why not let's get it with all the PH pre-tax.
All right we have to be lazy when it comes to this or I would just be writing everything we need.
Time is very important and we need it.
So for a while loop right here and going to organize it a little bit.
All right.
So we have a query here I'm just going to rename this to select categories.
That's it.
And copy this and send it right here.
Remember that on the wall.
All right.
Perfect.
So what else.
Well those were the well we're bringing in the idea.
So right now this is just bringing in the title.
Let's bring in the ID and let's call this cat ID then we'll call this cat ID.
This is the field in the database in the table right here.
This is the name of the day and I'm making this up I can make any name up for this for the variable.
But for the key inside that database I cannot for the for that column.
OK.
So that's the call and that's that's what we need it in database.
Now here we're not going to be using list items or anchor tags.
We're going to be using the TV right here.
So I'm going to put that right here take this tattoo audio there and put this instead right there.
I'm going to do this.
Copy this again here because I don't want to keep writing this stuff down and I'm just going to say
cat ID there.
All right.
So now we're bringing in the valleys from the inside of the database and we are displaying it right
here in NTD.
Let's take this out of here.
All right so let's just bring this up a little bit.
All right.
Perfect.
So I think everything is good here let's see how that looks.
Refresh.
All right.
So we're bringing in some values here but they are not looking really good.
So the values here the idea here let's add the titles but let's go ahead and organize this a little
bit.
And I think I know what it is is that we are missing a PR here.
Actually we need to put it inside a loop since we are going around a couple of times we need a couple
of them.
So let's echo a TR and their tag and let's do another one in the bottom there about that thing is going
to organize it really cool and see how that looks.
Refresh.
Perfect.
All right.
So we were able to bring some data from our database.
As you can see right here we have the ID of each of the categories and we have the category titles.
Perfect.
All right.
So we are done with is a great thing is that it looks really good as you can see we haven't done any
CSSA styling or anything like that.
This framework is doing everything for us and I'm glad that we have something like this available.
And I do have a course on that just to let you know.
But all right so we're coming together in the next lecture where we'll be continuing doing some more
work on this right.
So see you in the next lecture.
Take care.